THE KEYS
a short scene by the client (rough draft)

Robert is an old man, 78 years old, and he is sitting in his kitchen. His
daughter Karen comes in. She is 45 and she works as a nurse and she is very
stressed out because she has been worrying about her dad for months ever since
the accident where he backed into the mailbox.

KAREN
(angrily, but also sad)
Dad, we need to talk about something important. You know I love you and I only
want what is best for you, but the doctor says your eyes are too bad now and it
is not safe for you to drive anymore. I have been so worried about you.

ROBERT
(stubborn)
I am not going to give up my independence. I have been driving since I was
sixteen years old and I have never had a serious accident in my entire life. If
you take my car away then I will be trapped in this house and I will basically
be a prisoner and I will have nothing left.

Karen feels really guilty and conflicted because she remembers how her dad
taught her to drive when she was a teenager and now the roles are reversed and
she is the parent now. The camera shows a flashback of them in the car when she
was young. Then we come back to the kitchen.

KAREN
I know this is hard for you dad. But ever since mom died you have been all alone
out here and I can't be driving over here every day to check on you, I have my
own kids and a job at the hospital. This is for your own good wether you like it
or not.

She holds out her hand for the keys.

ROBERT
(crying now)
Your mother and I drove to the coast in that car on our honeymoon. You don't
understand what your asking me to give up. Your taking away the last thing that
makes me feel like a man.

There is a long pause and it is very emotional and tense. Finally Robert slowly
and reluctantly takes the keys out of his pocket and he looks at them for a long
time and then he puts them in Karens hand. She hugs him and they both cry and
the scene ends on a sad but hopeful note showing that family is complicated but
love wins in the end.

THE END
